Add sql mode format restrictions to expr in ticdc filter (#16626)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-filter.md

    | modify table comment | DDL  | |Matches `modify table comment` event    |
    | modify table charset and collate | DDL  | |Matches `modify table charset and collate` event    |
    | exchange table partition | DDL  | |Matches `exchange table partition` event    |
    | reorganize table partition | DDL  | |Matches `reorganize table partition` event    |
    | alter table partitioning | DDL  | |Matches `alter table partitioning` event    |
    | remove table partitioning | DDL  | |Matches `remove table partitioning` event    |
    | add column | DDL  | |Matches `add column` event    |
    | drop column | DDL  | |Matches `drop column` event    |
    | modify column | DDL  | |Matches `modify column` event    |
    | set default value | DDL  | |Matches `set default value` event    |
    | add primary key | DDL  | |Matches `add primary key` event    |
    | drop primary key | DDL  | |Matches `drop primary key` event    |
    | rename index | DDL  | |Matches `rename index` event    |
    | alter index visibility | DDL  | |Matches `alter index visibility` event    |
    | alter ttl info | DDL  | |Matches `alter ttl info` event    |

>     | alter ttl remove| DDL  | |Matches DDL events that remove all the TTL properties of a table |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | alter ttl remove| DDL  | |Matches DDL events that remove all TTL attributes of a table |
```

Reviewer: ref: https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/time-to-live#modify-the-ttl-attribute-of-a-table

![image](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/assets/79440533/a866eece-5977-41b3-a28a-e29e58803871)

>     | multi schema change | DDL  | |Matches DDL events that change multiple properties of a table within the same DDL statement |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | multi schema change | DDL  | |Matches DDL events that change multiple attributes of a table within the same DDL statement |
```

> > **Note:**
> >
> > TiDB's DDL statements support changing multiple properties of a single table at the same time, such as `ALTER TABLE t MODIFY COLUMN a INT, ADD COLUMN b INT, DROP COLUMN c;`. This operation is defined as MultiSchemaChange. If you want to filter out this type of DDL, you need to configure `"multi schema change"` in `ignore-event`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > **Note:**
    >
    > TiDB's DDL statements support changing multiple attributes of a single table at the same time, such as `ALTER TABLE t MODIFY COLUMN a INT, ADD COLUMN b INT, DROP COLUMN c;`. This operation is defined as MultiSchemaChange. If you want to filter out this type of DDL, you need to configure `"multi schema change"` in `ignore-event`.
```

- `ignore-sql`: the regular expressions of the DDL statements to be filtered out. This parameter accepts an array of strings, in which you can configure multiple regular expressions. This configuration only applies to DDL events.

> - `ignore-delete-value-expr`: this parameter accepts a SQL expression that follows the default SQL Mode, used to filter out the `DELETE` type of DML events with a specified value.
> - `ignore-insert-value-expr`: this parameter accepts a SQL expression that follows the default SQL Mode, used to filter out the `INSERT` type of DML events with a specified value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ignore-delete-value-expr`: this parameter accepts a SQL expression that follows the default SQL mode, used to filter out the `DELETE` type of DML events with a specified value.
- `ignore-insert-value-expr`: this parameter accepts a SQL expression that follows the default SQL mode, used to filter out the `INSERT` type of DML events with a specified value.
```

Reviewer: ref: https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/ticdc-ddl#sql-mode

> - `ignore-update-old-value-expr`: this parameter accepts a SQL expression that follows the default SQL Mode, used to filter out the `UPDATE` type of DML events with an old specified value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ignore-update-old-value-expr`: this parameter accepts a SQL expression that follows the default SQL mode, used to filter out the `UPDATE` type of DML events with a specified old value.
```

> - `ignore-update-new-value-expr`: this parameter accepts a SQL expression that follows the default SQL Mode, used to filter out the `UPDATE` DML events with a new specified value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ignore-update-new-value-expr`: this parameter accepts a SQL expression that follows the default SQL mode, used to filter out the `UPDATE` DML events with a specified new value.
```

| exchange table partition | DDL  | |Matches `exchange table partition` event    |
| reorganize table partition | DDL  | |Matches `reorganize table partition` event    |
| alter table partitioning | DDL  | |Matches `alter table partitioning` event    |
| remove table partitioning | DDL  | |Matches `remove table partitioning` event    |
| add column | DDL  | |Matches `add column` event    |
| drop column | DDL  | |Matches `drop column` event    |
| modify column | DDL  | |Matches `modify column` event    |
| set default value | DDL  | |Matches `set default value` event    |
| add primary key | DDL  | |Matches `add primary key` event    |
| drop primary key | DDL  | |Matches `drop primary key` event    |
| rename index | DDL  | |Matches `rename index` event    |
| alter index visibility | DDL  | |Matches `alter index visibility` event    |
| alter ttl info | DDL  | |Matches `alter ttl info` event    |
| alter ttl remove| DDL  | |Matches `alter table remove ttl info` event    |
| multi schema change | DDL  | |Matches DDL events that change multiple properties of a table within the same DDL statement |

> **Note:**
>

> > TiDB's DDL statements support changing multiple attributes of a single table at the same time, such as `ALTER TABLE t MODIFY COLUMN a INT, ADD COLUMN b INT, DROP COLUMN c;` This operation will be defined as MultiSchemaChange. If you want to filter out this type of DDL, you need to configure "multi schema change".

Reviewer 2: To keep wording consistent with that in line 98.
```suggestion
> TiDB's DDL statements support changing multiple properties of a single table at the same time, such as `ALTER TABLE t MODIFY COLUMN a INT, ADD COLUMN b INT, DROP COLUMN c;`. This operation is defined as MultiSchemaChange. If you want to filter out this type of DDL, you need to configure "multi schema change".
```

| drop view     | DDL  | |Matches `drop view` event     |

> - `ignore-sql`: the DDL statements to be ignored. This parameter accepts an array of strings, in which you can configure multiple regular expressions. This rule only applies to DDL events.

Reviewer 3: 是否也可以说明下不推荐使用 `ignore-sql` ？

Author: 确实，可以把上面支持的 event 也补齐了
